about/index.md, before:

---
layout: page
title: About
---

## My name is Dean Harris.

### I'm a front end developer, and skateboarder in Brisbane, QLD

I've been building shit for the web in some form for the last 20 or so years, though thankfully most of it has been lost to the mists of time. Only in the last few years, though, have I expanded my horizons beyond HTML and CSS and taught myself JavaScript.

Originally from the small town of [Lismore][lismore], I live in [Brisbane][brisbane] with my beautiful wife, Rachel, and our two mini daschunds, [Evie and Snickers][puppies]. In my free time, I can usually be found either drinking coffee and walking the dogs or skating at one of Brisbane's many skateparks.

<!-- ![][photo]{:class="breakout"} -->

## Colophon

This site is built with [Jekyll](jekyll), hosted for free at [Netlify](netlify). The [source][repo] is available to browse on [GitHub][github]

Check out the [gear][gear] page to see what I use to do the things I do.


[lismore]: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Lismore,_New_South_Wales "Lismore"
[brisbane]: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Brisbane "Brisbane"
[jekyll]: https://jekyllrb.com "Jekyll"
[netlify]: https://netlify.com "Netlify"
[repo]: https://github.com/deanacus/blog "Github repository"
[github]: https://github.com/deanacus/ "Deanacus on GitHub"
[photo]: /assets/img/image.jpg
[gear]: /about/gear/
[puppies]: https://www.instagram.com/evie_and_snickers/

Commit message:

feat: update /uses/ content and /now/ path and content

about/index.md, after:

---
layout: page
title: About
---

## My name is Dean Harris.

### I'm a front end developer, and skateboarder in Brisbane, QLD

I've been building shit for the web in some form for the last 20 or so years, though thankfully most of it has been lost to the mists of time. Only in the last few years, though, have I expanded my horizons beyond HTML and CSS and taught myself JavaScript.

Originally from the small town of [Lismore][lismore], I live in [Brisbane][brisbane] with my beautiful wife, Rachel, and our two mini daschunds, [Evie and Snickers][puppies]. In my free time, I can usually be found either drinking coffee and walking the dogs or skating at one of Brisbane's many skateparks.

<!-- ![][photo]{:class="breakout"} -->

## Colophon

This site is built with [Jekyll](jekyll), hosted for free at [Netlify](netlify). The [source][repo] is available to browse on [GitHub][github]

Check out the [gear][gear] page to see what I use to do the things I do. Or check out what I'm up to [now][now].


[lismore]: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Lismore,_New_South_Wales "Lismore"
[brisbane]: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Brisbane "Brisbane"
[jekyll]: https://jekyllrb.com "Jekyll"
[netlify]: https://netlify.com "Netlify"
[repo]: https://github.com/deanacus/blog "Github repository"
[github]: https://github.com/deanacus/ "Deanacus on GitHub"
[photo]: /assets/img/image.jpg
[gear]: /uses/
[now]: /now/
[puppies]: https://www.instagram.com/evie_and_snickers/
